# utopian.io
In today's era of globalization we encounter many problems about modern social media technology, from time to time technology is growing. his example of social media technology, where social media is now a lot of his enthusiasts.  From the start of the children even the elderly are still using social media to communicate, it's no wonder social media a lot of its enthusiasts.    But now there is now a social media technology that gives us the results of what we post, quality posts will be paid using steam dollars and steem power social media that is STEEMIT. Steemit-big.png  Already many users from the general public ranging from children, parents and housewives also use it, anyone can join in social media. In addition there are many categories that we can use if we want to post something of his example, -travelling -history -food -sports -businnes -photography and many others, we also do not forget the curator curator Indonesia. @levycore and @aiqabrago giphy.gif  There is also a rapidly growing misplaced social media is UTOPIAN.IO from utopian.io we can also post what we want in accordance with our own ability, there are some categories contained in utopian.io: -ide / idea -development -bug hunting -translation -graphics -documentation -analysis -visibility DQmXQwbecNPkWXvF2p1t2h7Ly1WEFL7dRiF6cFsvQNpiBqn.jpg from there we can post what we want, we thank you for @elear who has developed / made the utopian.io, so we can easily post things or ideas that develop for the steemans who want to develop ideas or ideas can join this utopian. you can login melelui https://utopian.io. The more developed social media technology today we can also feel its impact.  The idea that I really want to develop in utopian.io is to make Utopian.io application so the users can be free or can easily get into utopian.io and more familiar with utopian.io. develop notifications in utopian.io so that users can know notifications that go to utopian.io Her background is zoomed in again so that the younger person sees the person. so with there utopian.io application will be more and more users who can give the idea of ​​his idea is there any other thing its. ![DQmXADCXFt7ktQLqy4bS2aD4z5HhphPwLrywL5E4Y1NmbXQ_600x800.png]  () Hopefully in the future UTOPIAN.IO will grow rapidly in foreign countries. thanks to @elear. thanks for his time follow me @ gilangarif131294 download (1).jpg  download (2).jpg  Steemit-big.png
